Chapter 5: A generalised random encounter model for estimating animal density with remote sensor data
=======================================================================================================

This directory contains the data generated for Chapter 5.

The data is all generated by simulations. 
The code for the simulations was run by Elizabeth Moorcroft.
However, I have failed to get the code off her yet. 
Sorry about that.





[Allmodels_percenterror.csv](Allmodels_percenterror.csv) contains the raw data for the error of each simulation for each model over a fixed length of simulation time.
Code to reformat this data is in [Chapter5DataReformat.R](../../Chater5DataReformat.R) and the tidy data is in [all_models_tidy.csv](all_models_tidy.csv).


[AllmodelBias.csv](AllmodelBias.csv) contains a summary of the [Allmodels_percenterror.csv](Allmodels_percenterror.csv) data.
It contains columns:
* Model - which gREM submodle
* Mean - Mean error between gREM estimated and true density
* StErr - StErr of error between gREM estimated and true density



[Allmodels_fixedcaps_variabletime_percenterror.csv](Allmodels_fixedcaps_variabletime_percenterror.csv) contains the raw data for the error of each simulation for four of the submodels for a given number of captures.
Code to reformat this data is in [Chapter5DataReformat.R](../../Chater5DataReformat.R) and the tidy data is in [captures_tidy.csv](captures_tidy.csv).
This data is used to create [Figure 5.6](../../figure/Captures-1.pdf).




[Prop_time_still_percentageerror.csv](Prop_time_still_percentageerror.csv) contains the raw data for the error of each simulation for four of the submodels with individuals remaining stationary for different proportions of events.
Code to reformat this data is in [Chapter5DataReformat.R](../../Chater5DataReformat.R) and the tidy data is in [prop_time_still_tidy.csv](prop_time_still_tidy.csv).
This data is used to create [Figure 5.7A](../../figure/movtFig-1.pdf).


[max_angle_change_percentageerror.csv](max_angle_change_percentageerror.csv) contains the raw data for the error of each simulation for four of the submodels for different movement angles in the random walk.
Code to reformat this data is in [Chapter5DataReformat.R](../../Chater5DataReformat.R) and the tidy data is in [max_angle_tidy.csv](max_angle_tidy.csv).
This data is used to create [Figure 5.7B](../../figure/movtFig-1.pdf).
[AngleCorrWalkData.csv](AngleCorrWalkData.csv) contains a summary of this data.



[Sensitivity_percentageerror.csv](Sensitivity_percentageerror.csv) contains data on the error of estimated populaiton densities when different parameters (e.g. call width, detector width) are inputed incorrectly. 
That is, this data is for a sensitivity analysis on the fixed parameters.
This data was used to create Figure D.2 though this figure was created by Elizabeth Moorcroft and I don't have the code for it.
Figure D.2 is a panel figure including [AverageModelBias_callerror.pdf](../../imgs/AverageModelBias_callerror.pdf), [AverageModelBias_cameraerror.pdf](../../imgs/AverageModelBias_cameraerror.pdf), [AverageModelBias_radiuserror.pdf](../../imgs/AverageModelBias_radiuserror.pdf) and [AverageModelBias_speederror.pdf](../../imgs/AverageModelBias_speederror.pdf).
